in this video let us learn about tail Recursion
a recursive function is tail recursive then the recursive
Call is the last thing executed by the function
See here the recursive Call a fun is placed
at the tail of the function and this will be
executed at last
Let us take an example Programme and understand how tail
Recursion works
Let us take a string A B C D and
print it using tail recursion see here the recursive
call is placed at the end of the function
Initially str will point the character a so this code
will be pushed into the stack it first checks if
value at str is equal to null character it is not
so print that character so a is printed and then we have
the recursive call tail recur of str plus one now
here also if condition will be checked but it fails
so B is printed and next is the recursive call with
argument str plus one So str now points to C
here also if will fail and C is printed and
then the tail recursive call will be executed
So here str points to D Here also if will
fail and D is printed and next is the recursive call
And now str will point to the null
character
So here if condition will be satisfied and control will
return
So this function call is popped from Stack
And here the recursive call is the last thing executed
by the function
So there will be no statement below to execute
Hence all the recursive calls will be popped out from
the stack after its execution
So that's all about tail recursion
And in the next video we will learn about head
recursion.